# Exercise 1&2 Chapter 1, Burgess

#### 1. Browse through this whole book from start to finish. Browsing information is as skill you will use a lot as as system administrator. Try to get an overall impression of what the book contains and how it is laid out.  

I did not find much value in browsing through the whole book to get an impression of what the book contains and how it is laid out. A quick glance of the book's Table of Contents provides a succint view of how the book is laid out and the topics covered. Skimming the book, it provides a new system administrator with a good understanding of what a "system" consists of and how "networked communities" run and are governed. The book continues to build upon fundamentals to provide a good grounding and overview of how to setup and customize system hardware, managing and taking care of users, maintaining and troubleshooting the system, changing and upgrading the system (and users), securing the system and protecting users, and how to observe and monitor the system and the types of behaviors to expect and prepare for in a systems administration capacity. My key takeway is that this book will provide some core and timeless principles for whatever new technology, applications, or users that come down the pike.

#### 2. List what you think are the most important tasks and responsibilities of a system adminstrator. You will have the opportunity to compare this with your impressions once we reach the end of the book.

As the author points out, systems, networks, etc. are the equivalent to a living, breathing, growing, and ever-evolving entity. The primary task and responsibility of a system administrator is to act as the system's de facto parent and to take on all of the duties and responsibilities of a parent. One could list a litany of individual tasks and responsibilities that comes with being a parent, but at the end of the day, a system administrator is responsible and needs to take care of the system--the hardware, software, users, network--to ensure the system is a productive and contributing part of a business's or organization's success. Whether the system administrator loves the system is a completely separate matter all together.
